Psalm 62 to the chief musician to Jeju
Psalm 62 to the chief musician to Jeju 'then a psalm of david truly my soul
'then a psalm of david truly my soul
'then a psalm of david truly my soul silently waits for god from him comes my
silently waits for god from him comes my
silently waits for god from him comes my salvation he only is my rock and my
salvation he only is my rock and my
salvation he only is my rock and my salvation he is my defense i shall not
salvation he is my defense i shall not
salvation he is my defense i shall not be greatly moved how long will you
be greatly moved how long will you
be greatly moved how long will you attack a man you shall be slain all of
attack a man you shall be slain all of
attack a man you shall be slain all of you like a leaning wall and a tottering
you like a leaning wall and a tottering
you like a leaning wall and a tottering fence
fence
fence they only consult to cast him down from
they only consult to cast him down from
they only consult to cast him down from his high position they delight in lies
his high position they delight in lies
his high position they delight in lies they bless with their mouths but they
they bless with their mouths but they
they bless with their mouths but they curse inwardly my soul waits silently
curse inwardly my soul waits silently
curse inwardly my soul waits silently for god alone for my expectation is from
for god alone for my expectation is from
for god alone for my expectation is from him he only is my rock and my salvation
him he only is my rock and my salvation
him he only is my rock and my salvation he is my defense i shall not be moved in
he is my defense i shall not be moved in
he is my defense i shall not be moved in god is my salvation and my glory the
god is my salvation and my glory the
god is my salvation and my glory the rock of my strength and my refuge is in
rock of my strength and my refuge is in
rock of my strength and my refuge is in god trust in him at all times you people
god trust in him at all times you people
god trust in him at all times you people pour out your heart before him god is a
pour out your heart before him god is a
pour out your heart before him god is a refuge for us surely men of low degree
refuge for us surely men of low degree
refuge for us surely men of low degree are a vapor men of high degree are a lie
are a vapor men of high degree are a lie
are a vapor men of high degree are a lie if they are weighed on the scales they
if they are weighed on the scales they
if they are weighed on the scales they are altogether lighter than vapor do not
are altogether lighter than vapor do not
are altogether lighter than vapor do not trust in oppression nor vainly hope in
trust in oppression nor vainly hope in
trust in oppression nor vainly hope in robbery
robbery
robbery if riches increase do not set your heart
if riches increase do not set your heart
if riches increase do not set your heart on them
on them
on them God has spoken once twice I have heard
God has spoken once twice I have heard
God has spoken once twice I have heard this that power belongs to God also to
this that power belongs to God also to
this that power belongs to God also to you O Lord
you O Lord
you O Lord belongs mercy for you render to each one
belongs mercy for you render to each one
belongs mercy for you render to each one according to his work